# HackDavis2019

## Inspiration
In this day and age, reminders have become automated to the point of losing their effectiveness as a tool for accountability. Especially in the area of health, remembering to take medications or needing to check in with the elderly has lost its personable touch. Calls for Social Good solves this problem by anonymously putting you on the phone with a live person to ensure your well-being.

## What it does
Routines provide much needed support for the repetitive tasks in our lives. Whether it's waking up in the morning to go to work or school, taking our pills and essential vitamins for heart health, or remembering to go on a walk after a long day of sitting down, it's nice to have reminders to hold ourselves accountable. Eventually, we all get bored and tired of doing our repetitive tasks. They get muddled down in whatever work we engulf ourselves in and get lost along with our other New Year's resolutions or life goals. We realized that though we have reminders and alerts, it is not enough to hold us accountable. As human-beings, we are deeply moved with the social interactions of our daily lives. Our solution to this problem is Calls for Social Good. CSG aims to apply a more personal approach with reminders. Instead of getting a notification reminding you to take your medications, you receive a phone call from someone who has taken time out of their day to talk to you. We feel that this added relationship will hold people accountable for the things they need to do in their lives. When someone chooses your reminder to call, Calls for Social Good will text the person an anonymous phone number to call when it comes time to remind you. We do this all while still maintaining the privacy of both parties’ phone numbers. They can check in with you to make sure you’ve taken your meds and are doing alright. We even have an emergency contact feature where, an emergency contact of your choosing can be texted if the call does not go through and there is no call back within a certain time frame.